### Conceptual Exercise

Answer the following questions below:

- What is PostgreSQL?

  - PostgreSQL is a database management system and it is an extension of SQL for
    data management

- What is the difference between SQL and PostgreSQL?

  - SQL is standard and PostgreSQL implements SQL and uses it's own features

- In `psql`, how do you connect to a database?

  - `psql database_name`

- What is the difference between `HAVING` and `WHERE`?

  - `HAVING` filter rows using conditions and `WHERE` is used with `GROUP BY` to
    find data

- What is the difference between an `INNER` and `OUTER` join?

  - An Inner join only returns the matching records from both tables while the
    outer join inclides the matching records while also optionally including
    unmatched records from one or both tables

- What is the difference between a `LEFT OUTER` and `RIGHT OUTER` join?

  - Left Outer Join: It returns all the matching records from the left table and
    the matching records from the right table. If there are no matching records
    in the right table, NULL values are included.
  - Right Outer Join: It returns all the matching records from the right table
    and the matching records from the left table. If there are no matching
    records in the left table, NULL values are included.

- What is an ORM? What do they do?

  - An ORM is a object relational mapper that helps build models for databases

- What are some differences between making HTTP requests using AJAX and from the
  server side using a library like `requests`?

  - One difference is that making HTTP requests using AJAX occurs from the
    client-side, while server-side requests using libraries like requests are
    executed on the server. AJAX requests are subject to the same-origin policy,
    while server-side requests can access data from different domains.

- What is CSRF? What is the purpose of the CSRF token?

  - CSRF stands for Cross-Site Request Forgery. It is a security vulnerability
    where an attacker tricks a victim into performing unwanted actions on a
    website. CSRF tokens are used to mitigate this vulnerability by ensuring
    that requests originate from the legitimate website. The CSRF token is a
    unique value generated by the server and included in forms or requests, and
    it is validated by the server to confirm the authenticity of the request.

- What is the purpose of `form.hidden_tag()`?
  - The purpose is to hide the CSRF token while still ensuring that it is send
    with the form data
